it's Ruby and today I'm going to be
showing you what I eat in the day whilst
I'm at university because I've only
actually filmed one of these in the past
and I got lots of requests to do it so
we are going to start with breakfast by
the way this video is quite mismatched
till I am sorry so we're gonna start
with breakfast I had Weetabix this
morning and I have two Weetabix and I
add some cinnamon and some nutmeg I add
some almond milk and I like to drown my
weed fix in the almond milk then I like
to add some frozen blueberries frozen
blueberries are one of my favorite foods
I eat so many of them and then I also
added just a third of a banana then I
like to add some nut butter of some kind
so today I'm having this almond and
coconut butter which is absolutely
delicious I decided to add some cacao
nibs this adds such a lovely crunch to
it and it's such an essential when ever
you have any kind of sweet breakfast and
then I'm just adding some keya seeds on
top as I'm adding this milled flax seed
and also some desiccated coconut this
breakfast is one of my stay for
breakfast it's so delicious really
really tasty and really filling ok I
just got back from campus and I did have
a hunch and I didn't show up I'm really
sorry I needed standing up chatting with
my fat mates I basically made this curse
curse salad last night and I just had
that again so I had it was couscous with
mushrooms celery courgette cucumber and
then I had it with a spoonful of vegan
coleslaw and a spoonful of hummus
as a Pennock desert I decide to tap a
few pieces of dried mango and I also had
two of these count column the
caterpillars I love coffee as filler
I'm not having a few kale crackers I
think I've had about five of these six
these are so good
so for dinner I've decided to make some
homemade bread with some homemade tomato
soup this is bread that I can then use
for the rest of the week as I said in
the evening I decided to make some
homemade bread so this plastic bag here
is where I keep all of my baking
supplies just because it keeps
everything together in one place so I
got out my yeast and it's a really easy
one to kathy is very clean in lending me
her mixing bowl so I didn't have
measuring what's called I didn't have
measuring scales with me which made it
quite difficult to make to make sure I
was using the right proportions but I
just basically did it by eye
[Music]
so then here is me making the soup I
basically just sauteed up some onions
with some tin tomatoes and garlic mixed
spices and then I added some pour
potatoes when I blended it together in
the nutribullet because this adds a
natural creaminess which means that you
don't have to use milk or cream and then
here we have the bread which honestly I
am so happy with it came out so well and
it was so delicious
[Music]
right
like
and this was my finished dinner I had
some hummus and pasta with my bride and
I ended up tasting it and having two or
three sizes oh thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed sorry it's so short and I hope
that you have a productive
[Music]
you